THE LAST CHAPTER! so exciting!

traditional threaded model of concurrent programming shares data among threads
and this is kept consistent using locks. threads are notified of changes using
condition variables

MVar is a little better, but still has the following issues:
- Race conditions due to forgotten locks.
- Deadlocks resulting from inconsistent lock ordering.
- Corruption caused by uncaught exceptions.
- Lost wakeups induced by omitted notifications.

enter STM...

So it seems like the mechanism of "mutex, semaphore, or monitor" is hidden for the
moment, but basically it's quite simple:
+ you enter a block
+ execute actions which have been hooked together with the `atomically` combinator
+ then release, at which point:
  + no threads concurrently modifying data: other threads can see the changes
  + threads concurrently modifying data: all modifications discarded, without being
    performed, and then auto-restarted.
`TVar` is a mutable variable we can read/write in an `atomically` block

STM safety
----------
it's imperative that we can't exit an atomically block by accident- enter STM monad

Everything happens in this monad, so we don't need to worry!

STM API provides `retry` which terminates an `atomically` block then restart it

STM allows us to take two functions that work correctly and use them to create a
third that will also behave itself, with minimal effort.

`retry` doesn't restart our transaction immediately. Instead, it blocks our thread
until one or more of the variables that we touched before calling retry is changed by
another thread.

`retry` is magical

`orElse` combinator lets us use a backup action if the main one fails.

`STM` is an instance of `MonadPlus` which means that we can expand things easily

IO and STM will be desirable together - but STM hates IO (breaks atomicity). The
correct way of doing this is to return out of STM and send to IO.

Sometimes we need more than that: For instance, reading immutable data from a file
that must exist does not violate the STM, but it's still IO. So we can use
`unsafeIOToSTM`, from `GHC.Conc`, to execute an IO action.
  - the IO executed cannot start another atomically action or you get a runtime error
  - we can't predict how many times the unsafeIOToSTM will be called. System is in
    charge of restarting STMs

We also get `TMVar`, the STM equivalent of `MVar`, and `TChan`, the STM typed FIFO
channel.

`alwaysSucceeds` lets us define an _invariant_, a property of our data that must
always be true.

invarians will be immediately checked. to fail, they must raise an exception. They
will also be checked at the end of every transaction.
  - if it fails at any point, the transaction will be aborted, and invariant's
    exception will be raised.
  - meaning immediate feedback

--------------------
Note on PatternGuards extension: they let us 'collapse' a collection of guards and
case expressions into a single guard, allowing us to write more succinct and
descriptive guards.

Recap
----------------
Pros:
+ STMs are composable
+ prevents accidental IO
+ alleviates lock ordering issues "_since our code contains no locks_" - what?!
+ alleviates lost wakeups, since we don't have condition variables.
+ exceptions are `catchSTM`ed or bounced out of transaction, leaving state untouched
+ `retry` and `orElse` allow for clean code
+ Code that uses STM will not deadlock (i'm guessing because _there are no locks?!_)

Cons:
It's possible for threads to starve each other to some degree. Long-running
transactions can cause other transactions to retry often enough that it will make
comparatively little progress. To address a problem like this, make transactions
short.

(Seems like a bit of cargo-cult programming).

STM cannot eliminate certain classes of bug. Combinations of STM, followed by buggy
IO, followed by STM. This kind of bug will suck and these are the things that are
notoriously difficult to debug.

---------------------

STM is not a complete panacea - it's useful to compare it with the use of garbage
collection for memory management.

> When we abandon explicit memory management in favour of garbage collection, we give
> up control in return for safer code. Likewise, with STM, we abandon the low-level
> details, in exchange for code that we can better hope to understand.


